README.md, before:

<img align="left" style="width:260px" src="https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/blob/master/logo/raylib_logo_animation.gif" width="288px">

**raylib is a simple and easy-to-use library to enjoy videogames programming.**

raylib is highly inspired by Borland BGI graphics lib and by XNA framework and it's especially well suited for prototyping, tooling, graphical applications, embedded systems and education.

*NOTE for ADVENTURERS: raylib is a programming library to enjoy videogames programming; no fancy interface, no visual helpers, no debug button... just coding in the most pure spartan-programmers way.*

Ready to learn? Jump to [code examples!](https://www.raylib.com/examples.html)

<br>

social networks
----------------

  - Webpage: [https://www.raylib.com](https://www.raylib.com)
  - Discord: [raylib](https://discord.gg/raylib)
  - Reddit: [raylib](https://www.reddit.com/r/raylib)
  - Twitter/X: [raysan5](https://x.com/raysan5)
  - BlueSky: [raysan5](https://bsky.app/profile/raysan5.bsky.social)
  - Patreon: [raysan5](https://www.patreon.com/raysan5)
  - Twitch: [raysan5](https://www.twitch.tv/raysan5)

license
-------

raylib is licensed under an unmodified zlib/libpng license, which is an OSI-certified, BSD-like license that allows static linking with closed source software. Check [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for further details.

Commit message:

feat: add make file for local server + update readme

README.md, after:

<img align="left" style="width:260px" src="https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/blob/master/logo/raylib_logo_animation.gif" width="288px">

**raylib is a simple and easy-to-use library to enjoy videogames programming.**

raylib is highly inspired by Borland BGI graphics lib and by XNA framework and it's especially well suited for prototyping, tooling, graphical applications, embedded systems and education.

*NOTE for ADVENTURERS: raylib is a programming library to enjoy videogames programming; no fancy interface, no visual helpers, no debug button... just coding in the most pure spartan-programmers way.*

Ready to learn? Jump to [code examples!](https://www.raylib.com/examples.html)

<br>

contributing/developing
----------------

Given current browser security measures, opening the files directly may block most functionality.
To run a local server and *bypass* this ensure you have `make` and `python` intalled  and simply run,

`make run_server`

Alternatively, if you only have `python`, you can also run the command directly.

`python -m http.server 8080`

Now you should be able to visit http://localhost:8080 and test full site functionality


social networks
----------------

  - Webpage: [https://www.raylib.com](https://www.raylib.com)
  - Discord: [raylib](https://discord.gg/raylib)
  - Reddit: [raylib](https://www.reddit.com/r/raylib)
  - Twitter/X: [raysan5](https://x.com/raysan5)
  - BlueSky: [raysan5](https://bsky.app/profile/raysan5.bsky.social)
  - Patreon: [raysan5](https://www.patreon.com/raysan5)
  - Twitch: [raysan5](https://www.twitch.tv/raysan5)

license
-------

raylib is licensed under an unmodified zlib/libpng license, which is an OSI-certified, BSD-like license that allows static linking with closed source software. Check [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for further details.
